Y(ves) Go(Won) Moya TV’s host on LOONA TV
(Because of our height difference) Is the shot actually fit in one shot?
Focus one me please~
Different from what she said, thoughtful acts towards Go Won!
Ah! I forgot to wear my heels…
You are still taller.
Yeeah true that~!
It’s time for Go Won to cry!
Two shots with Olivia Hye!
Two shots~?
I’m still here~ There are 3 of us~
Didn’t know that~~~
We came here at midnight,
I went to the bathroom
and I came out with the bathroom slippers!
But I stole her slippers!
Right!
Moebius!
Is this part of the LOONAVERSE?
Is this maybe the LOONAVERSE???
GASP! Black background?
Is this maybe the LOONAVERSE?
Chuu is in her solo photoshoots besides from LOONAVERSE!
Looking all different than usual!
I was just getting in mood because of the photoshoots!
She was too concentrated on her photoshoots~!
I’m starving!
Maybe because she is starving!
Chuu eating air because she is hungry
yyxy concentrating, different from when they were fooling around